Update AuthenticationMethodsPolicy (#19255)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/voiceauthenticationmethodconfiguration-delete.md

---
title: "Delete voiceAuthenticationMethodConfiguration"
description: "Delete a voiceAuthenticationMethodConfiguration object."
author: "jpettere"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Delete voiceAuthenticationMethodConfiguration
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Remove changes made to the [Phone Call authentication method policy](../resources/voiceauthenticationmethodconfiguration.md) by reverting the policy to its default configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Revert the [phone call authentication method policy](../resources/voiceauthenticationmethodconfiguration.md) b to its default configuration.
```

|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Policy.ReadWrite.AuthenticationMethod|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Policy.ReadWrite.AuthenticationMethod|

For delegated scenarios, the administrator needs one of the following [Azure AD roles](/azure/active-directory/users-groups-roles/directory-assign-admin-roles#available-roles):

* Authentication Policy Administrator
* Global Administrator

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
DELETE /policies/authenticationMethodsPolicy/authenticationMethodConfigurations/voice
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `204 No Content` response code.

## Examples

### Request
The following is an example of a request.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "delete_voiceauthenticationmethodconfiguration"
}
-->
``` http
DELETE https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/policies/authenticationMethodsPolicy/authenticationMethodConfigurations/voice
```

### Response
The following is an example of the response

> >**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
```
